It is certain
Reply hazy, try again
Don’t count on it
It is decidedly so
Ask again later
Do 5 push-ups and ask again
My reply is no
Without a doubt
Better not tell you now
My sources say no
Do 5 pull-ups and ask again
Yes, definitely
Outlook not so good
IN TODAY'S VIDEO, I TRAPPED THIS PERSON IN REAL LIFE. IF THEY CAN WASTE ENOUGH TIME ASKING AN IMAGINARY 8-BALL QUESTIONS, THEY WIN 500 THOUSAND DOLLARS!!!!!1!!!!11
You may rely on it
Concentrate and ask again
Very doubtful
Have you ever eaten a cheeseburger while wearing blue? There's your answer
Fool
LMAOOOOO crazy thing to ask bro
Since we're such good friends, I'll confide in you a little secret: the answer is yes
Tell me quick, oh ain't love a kick, tell me quick, ain't love a kick, in the heaaaaaaaaad (yes)
Nope not a chance
As I see it, yes
Most likely
I was not involved in the JFK assassination.
We'll see
Outlook good
I was not involved in the JFK assassination.
Yes
Signs point to yes
I dunno about that one
I was not involved in the JFK assassination.
For sure, man
I was not involved in the JFK assassination.
Whatever you say lolll
Why doesn't anyone ever ask me how I am :(
I was not involved in the JFK assassination.
With that face? Nah
With that face? 1000%
I literally don't know anything, I'm an 8-ball, but I'll say sure
I'm not even real
Am I real?
I don't think I'm real
I don't think it really matters, in all honesty
The answer is so insignificant that I'm not even going to bother giving it to you
Sorry, I only help tall people
Yes, king!!!
No, king!!!
Yes, queen!!!
No, queen!!!
Would you still love me if I was a worm
Nyooooooooooooooooooom - F1 drivers, probably
I literally was just born and you're already treating me like a prophet? Disgusting. Absolutely disgusting.
"Hee hee" - Michael Jackson, "King of Pop" (the answer is no, buddy)
"Hee hee" - Michael Jackson, "King of Pop" (the answer is yes, buddy)
"Hee hee" - Michael Jackson, "King of Pop" (this is a stalling tactic; I don't know the answer)
Have you listened to the Schlatt christmas album? It's very good! And the answer is yes
My YouTube isn't buffering, so I can't drown you out with the Schlatt christmas album (answer is no)
I am doing well, thanks! oh... you weren't asking me, were you
Christmas season starts after Halloween and you can't change my mind (the answer is yes)
Your answer is a quantum superposition between yes and no
Have you considered Googling it?
If your favorite color is blue, you're colorblind (and your answer is no)
Beep boop beep boop I'm a robot and thus have no clue what you're asking about
Yes! I do! ... whoops sorry daydreaming
No means no.
West highland terriers are adorable - if you like westies, the answer is yes, otherwise no
I don't get those people who are scared of rats. Like, if you were gonna be scared of something, picking a small disease-infested pest makes sense, but could you pick one that isn't like, adorable?? I'm forced to assume that you're simply a monster, even though I know logically there are things inside your brain you can't control that make you think that. Either way, I want to stay away from freaks like you. Like, they have their little eyes and noses and paws (are they paws? I'm not sure). They are a little bit slug-like, if you know what I mean, with their body shapes and movements, but like it's not even that bad and you're just overreacting. Get over yourself. The answer is yes, by the way.
N(x) = x^2 + 5x + 2. What value of x makes the function equal 2? If you don't get this, I'm embarrassed on your behalf.